xb_make_spc command line help

xb_make_spc recognises the following commands:

exit : causes the program to exit.

go (exec) : executes the commands issued from the last "go" --or the beginning, if no "go" happened yet.

return : closes a script without exectuing it, leaves the commands in queue.

hgon : not really used.

hist : populate the histogram.

load : loads the files (doesn't unload them first, that's up to the user).

unload : unloads the files (doesn't reload them afterwards).

dropm : drop the modifications done before the last "go".

hack : apply cuts and all sort of things to the data. It's cumulative.

save : saves to file the current what, has to be specified:
       hist -- the current histogram.
       data -- the current data.

put : prints to the drone (or standard, if not drone) output what, has to be specified:
      like save.
      NOTE: the histogram is putted in plain text, while it is saved as binary GSL histogram.

draw : sets the draw flag to true, causing the program to draw. Persists after "go".

undraw : unsets the draw flag. Persists after "go".

script : reads (from a file) a go/return bit of commands.
         NOTE: it does not persists after "go", yet.

read : sets the file names to be loaded.

write : sets the file name (only one) where the program writes.

set : sets some program flags:
      in : read from file instead of stdin
      out : save to file insead of stdout
      draw : causes the program to draw (duplicate)
      verbose|v : sets verbosity
      interactive|I : sets interactive (can kill command line).

cut : sets the cutZ to be applied to the data (cumulative):
      mul : multiplicity
      cry : cristal
      ctr : centroid
      alt : altitude (cringeworthy)
      azi : azimuth (cringeworthy)
      nrg : energy
      rng : from:to, energy range.
      NOTE: accepts, optionally, > and < modifiers before the actual number
            to direct the cut appropriately.
gp : edit gnuplot preferences:
     term : sets the terminal (in case you want to print an image)
     [x|y]label : sets the axis' label
     title : sets the title
     fout : sets the name of the output file

drone : type:input:type:output resets the drone. Use with caution.

NOTE: you can pass as many commands as you want, separated by a semicolon. But just one "go" per session.
